let's go princess
all right we're quietly hidden away in a
garage to try something what they call
bomb I don't know it's a color film
you've been there it's an Arabic dish
how am I supposed to spell that for this
edition of we shorts you know like okay
I okay they try to look it up okay say
one more time clearly give Ben name we
should I should do a big version of it
but that's what the Mint's I'm not gonna
try and commit and what is this that's a
very big bite it's a delicacy like many
of the doses you've tried now I've tried
it with garlic mayo and bread and it's
actually good evidently not in that form
it's good this is why I wouldn't try it
because there was no way to get it down
oh it's it's like it's okay it's
uncooked to me yeah but it tastes like
paste oh it's like meat paste that's
basically what it is we already know
what rating that go yeah I'm trying to
be respectful songs I'll edit event
right there but you know what that means
what do you what do you what rating do
you get it probably one because I don't
really like it that much because if you
actually taste better know what you're
supposed to mix it with miscellaneous
vegetables like a radish an onion mini
guys the dreaded the grossest garlic
mayo I just had an amazing meal over
there in that like room you go grab you
go grab another one more time what is it
give been there thank you for joining us
once again guys I suffer for you